EDU-977: correct Timer information in Java (#2300)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/java/timers.md

In some SDKs, the function is called `sleep()`, and in others, it's called `timer()`.

A Workflow can sleep for months.

> Timers are persisted, so even if your Worker or Temporal Cluster is down when the time period completes, as soon as your Worker and Cluster are back up, the `Workflow.sleep()` call will resolve and your code will continue executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timers are persisted, so even if your Worker or Temporal Cluster is down when the time period completes, as soon as your Worker and Cluster are back up, the `Workflow.sleep()` call resolves and your code continues executing.
```
